hey guys this is next my 48 my name is
Josh and this is a video of how to turn
off shut off your Nitro RC this is for
all my subscribers this is just for any
of the newbies out there I figured I'd
do it
so also be doing a video how to UM to uh
start up here here nitrogen so anyway
this is a for any of you I knew where
guys out there so you basically have
four options number one and this is the
most popular out there you can plug the
exhaust that's what I do if I'm going to
be running it again the litter in the
day the only problem with that was
actually two problems with that number
one these aluminum pipes get really
really really hot especially with the
big block engines so there's what you
can do to have to solve that as you can
by this tubing this was actually came
off my chair accesskey max and you just
slide that right over the stinger i'm
your exhaust and just see have like two
millimeters of piping sticking out and
then you just you're right on the rubber
so it doesn't do anything and you're
good to go you don't bring yourself
so that's that's what I do when I'm done
and that's that's always nice and
there's only one other problem with that
is if if you're done for the day don't
plug your exhaust and let it sit number
one you're not few left in your engine
and it's going to corrode your motor and
number two now what that's going to do
is that is going you'll have to also
when you're doing after procedure it's
going to kind of throw it all off and
it's just overall not good at unison if
you're done for the day so the second
option this is good if you don't for the
day this is what I do like I said if I'm
going to run it like a couple hours
later I'll plug the exhaust that's fine
if I'm done for the day or if I'm going
to pack it up for a week plug the fuel
line that's all you have to do so now so
first thing don't pull it off
bad bad bad that's not good alright so
don't pull it off you can tie that and
not need to stay on there what you do is
you just push a fuel line the left is
going to run your carburetor right at a
fuel so
oh that's that's what you're going to do
if you're done for the day
now these are two kind of missing hours
out there most people don't do it this
way some people do one and I'll block
your curb so if you forgot to take off
your air filter while it is running and
then just block the air filter your air
filter air intake that I didn't
recommend doing number one who knows
what's on your hands number two it could
suck in debris and number three overall
that's actually not very good for the
combustion process I do not recommend
plugging your carburetor as I've very
very few people do it that way
so I don't recommend doing that this
very very few people do it yeah really
the only time I've ever done this is an
emergency when it's rubbing full
throttle on me and I have no control and
that is I'm oxygen this with my finger I
do not recommend doing this with your
finger because it really really sucks
and that is to block your flywheel that
I never ever do the only time I've
already done that it's the only time I
were going to do with my finger again is
when I first started in nitros and that
is one I didn't know how to clue in the
world that I was doing and turned on
started it up and I went full throttle
on me took off caught it
if it got I blocked the flywheel stopped
it got my finger in there cut myself up
it wasn't cool so if you're ever going
to do that take a screwdriver and just
block with it with the butt of the
screwdriver but that I don't recommend
doing because you're gonna put a lot of
force in your crank and it just doesn't
get so like I said your two best options
if when it comes to the life of your
engine is block the exhaust or pinch
your fuel line so I hope this helps when
some of you new newbies out there and I
will like I said I'll have a how to
start up your night zero bid up within a
week or so so have a good day guys and I
hope this helped you out god bless bye